            VN - Visualization of Nondeterminism

 For a given input string, a nondeterministic finite automata (NDFA)
 can have more than one execution sequence. Sources of nondeterminism
 include multiple transitions for the same letter from a state,
 as well as lambda-transitions. VN nondeterministically executes an NDFA
 and displays the path in the graph for the automaton.

 The graphical editor of JFLAP (http://jflap.org) is used to create an NDFA
 and save it. JFLAP saves the graph as an XML file with extension ".jff".

 Interaction with VN is through a toolbar. All toolbar buttons have 
 mnemonics (Alt-character).
 
 The "Help", "About" and "Exit" buttons are standard.
 
 "Options" enables you to change the size of the nodes and labels 
 in the graphs, and to select whether paths should be highlighted
 in color or bold. The options labeled "Interactive" and "Choose"
 are described in the VN documentation.

 Error messages from VN are displayed in the text area at the bottom 
 of the screen. Graphs of automata are displayed in the left-hand pane 
 and the paths are displayed in the right-hand pane.
 A textual representation of the path is displayed in a text area
 below the toolbar.

 Select "Open" and select a ".jff" file;
 the automaton described in the file will be displayed.

 Select "Edit" to invoke JFLAP to edit the automaton.
 Remember to OPEN THE FILE again to load the modified automaton.

 Enter an input string in the text field labeled "String or length"
 and select "Generate".  This will create a program that can generate
 executions of the automaton on the input string.

 Select "Random" to execute the automaton with a random resolution 
 of nondeterminism. The sequence of states will appear in the text area 
 below the toolbar, along with an indication if the input string was 
 accepted or rejected.

 Select "Create" to execute the automaton, resolving
 nondeterminism interactively. Determinisitic choices will be made
 automatically; if a choice cannot be taken, it will be displayed in
 square brackets and cannot be selected. "Quit" terminates the execution.
 Keyboard shortcuts: "Tab" moves between buttons and "Space" or
 "Enter" selects the highlighted button.
 
 Select "Find" to search for an accepting path through the automaton.
 
 Select "Next" to search for the next accepting path for this input.
 The total number of accepting computations is displayed in the path area.
 
 If you enter an integer value in the text field "String or length",
 the program that is generated will find all input strings on this 
 length that are accepted. The set of these strings will be displayed
 in the path area.
 
 If the automaton is deterministic, it is possible to obtain
 the partition of a set of input strings of a given length
 into the equivalence classes associated with each state.
 Enter a length in the text field and select "DFA" repeatedly.
 For each state, the set of input strings "accepted" by that
 state is displayed; once "DFA" is selected for all states,
 the set of equivalence classes is displayed in the right-hand pane.

 Paths are displayed in the right-hand pane and highlighted
 in the display of the automaton in the left-hand pane. The difference
 is that the "path" includes multiple visits to the same state,
 while the highlighted path will, of course, include just one state
 for all occurrences.
